= redmine_im_link

== Summary

Adds a link after a watcher name to directly call skype or slack or ms teams etc. Please note - this is my first attempt so if you see anything wrong or incorrect or there's a better way to do things, let me know, or feel free to improve it!

== Features

* Adds Autowatch functionality to issues so that Author, Assignee, Current User are all added as watchers (if feature turned on)

* Adds Author/Assignee section below watchers if you do not want to use the Autowatch function but still want to see IM links for these users

* Adds ability to define links or other HTML after the watchers and Author/Assignee section if turned on

* Ability to add TWO links after each user name on the watcher list

* Ability to define the links dynamically by using a mask and then including certain domains and excluding specific email addresses

* Ability to select a custom field for each link if the mask method does not suffice or is irregular

* Ability to use buttons or popups if needed

* Ability to substitute user info on the URL mask like %email%, %firstinitial%, %lastname% etc.

* Ability to set permissions so certain users can see links, others cannot

== Getting the Plugin

Always here at Github

== Installation

# Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins Make sure the plugin is installed to vendor/plugins/redmine_im_link

# bounce redmine

# Login to your Redmine install as an Administrator and set the permission View im links

# Setup the links in the plugins section

== Usage

Users will see links dynamically created after each watcher - they can click these to open the natice skype, slack, etc apps

== Acknowledgments

This is my first plugin and I really struggled with Ruby etc. so please a) forgive any bad coding or ignorance of how Ruby, or Javascript, or Github, or anything else works. All new to me. Having said that I completely ripped the autowatch code from a redmine plugin which I thought was awesome. I needed that because my idea was most simply implemented by adding the links after each watcher, and to do that the easiest way was to make sure that everyone involved on an issue was a watcher - hence I took the code from the original plugin by mezza and I think thorin or maybe mephi-ut. Not sure which but I was a bit confused - hope this was alright and I hope this ack is also sufficient -

https://github.com/mezza/redmine_auto_watch

https://github.com/thorin/redmine_auto_watch

https://github.com/mephi-ut/redmine_auto_watch

